Update README.md (#88)
nccgroup/sobelow: README.md

  argument, e.g. `my/strange/router.ex`.

  * `--exit` - Return non-zero exit status at or above a confidence

>   threshold of `low`, `medium`, or `high`. Defaults to `false` that return zero exit status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  threshold of `low`, `medium`, or `high`. Defaults to `false` which returns a zero exit status
```
